Hum a joke
Ah!
Ah this
Isn't this garbage?
How can there be such a strong micro-pressure?
This broken sword turned out to be a ground soldier
It seems that your eyes haven't rang yet.
Now that you know
Just watch how I clear the door with this sword
Ah!
There is no protection, please help me
It's your turn.
Joke you think
You can fight me with a handful of ground soldiers
You gas-trained trash
Even with a magic weapon in hand
You're just an ant after all.
Cong Cong quickly ran away with the turtle
You're not on his team, are you?
Today I will make you a frog in a well
Know what the horrors of the Yuanying period are
Humph
Who told you it was just a simple magic weapon?
How is that possible?
This urgency
It even hides the power of a strong man